[R] Initial datasets content (#159)
apache/arrow-cookbook: r/content/reading_and_writing_data.Rmd

## Introduction

This chapter contains recipes related to reading and writing data using Apache 
Arrow.  When reading files into R using Apache Arrow, you can read in 

> a single file as a data frame or an Arrow Table, and you can read in partitioned or multi-files

Author: ```suggestion
a single file as a data frame or an Arrow Table, and you can read in partitioned or multiple
```
